Clarify that conversion tactics will succeed even if the context doesn't change (#19727)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proofs/automatic-tactics/auto.rst

   + :attr:`global` hints are visible from other modules when they :cmd:`Import` or
     :cmd:`Require` the current module.

   .. versionchanged:: 8.18

      The default value for hint locality outside sections is
      now :attr:`export`. It used to be :attr:`global`.

   **Usage tip**: tactics that can succeed even if they don't change the context, such as
   most of the :ref:`conversion tactics <applying-conversion-rules>`, should

>    be prefaced with :tacn:`progress` to avoid needless repetition of the tactic.

Reviewer: this note seems like it should be on Hint Extern specifically, not the general Hint preamble

Author: Good point.  Updated.  If no further comments, would you care to merge?

      :tacn:`unfold`. :n:`@natural` is the cost, :n:`@one_pattern` is the pattern
      to match and :n:`@ltac_expr` is the action to apply.

      **Usage tip**: tactics that can succeed even if they don't change the context,

>       such as most of the :ref:`conversion tactics <applying-conversion-rules>`, should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      such as most of the :ref:`conversion tactics <applyingconversionrules>`, should
```

Author: Got it, thanks!
